# GifTastic

### Overview
Using a minimalist starting HTML file, this webpage relies upon JQUERY to generate a predetermined set of buttons based on the first 25 Pokemon (according to the PokeDex). A user is then given a few options. Firstly, a user can add their own Pokemon button by entering a text string and submitting it. The button is then added to the existing array of buttons. If a user clicks on a button, 10 gifs from GIPHY using their api load as still images. If a user does a single click on an image, the image will load the gif and begin to play. If a user double clicks an image, the image is saved to their favorites section, and is stored in localstorage for when a user leaves the page or refreshes it. If a user wishes to clear the favorites section, they may click the clear button to do so.

### Notes
I was able to spend a lot more time refactoring the code and making it look nice. I followed normal conventions for naming IDs and classes better than I have done in the past to make it more consistent throughout the document. It passes HTML validation, and works, I hope, according to the homework spec. The only bonus I did not complete was a 1 click download button. Some usage notes:

1. Images are added to favorites by double clicking them. They remain there until all the favorites are cleared.

2. Only valid Pokemon are allowed to be added as a button via user input. This only lets the first 151 Pokemon to be added. If a user tries to add an invalid Pokemon, they are notified that they are doing so and denied the ability to create a button. Similarly, an already existing Pokemon button cannot be added. Only Pokemon in this array may be added: 

* "bulbasaur","ivysaur","venusaur","charmander","charmeleon","charizard","squirtle","wartortle","blastoise","caterpie","metapod","butterfree","weedle","kakuna","beedrill","pidgey","pidgeotto","pidgeot","rattata","raticate","spearow","fearow","ekans","arbok","pikachu","raichu","sandshrew","sandslash","nidoran","nidorina","nidoqueen","nidoran","nidorino","nidoking","clefairy","clefable","vulpix","ninetales","jigglypuff","wigglytuff","zubat","golbat","oddish","gloom","vileplume","paras","parasect","venonat","venomoth","diglett","dugtrio","meowth","persian","psyduck","golduck","mankey","primeape","growlithe","arcanine","poliwag","poliwhirl","poliwrath","abra","kadabra","alakazam","machop","machoke","machamp","bellsprout","weepinbell","victreebel","tentacool","tentacruel","geodude","graveler","golem","ponyta","rapidash","slowpoke","slowbro","magnemite","magneton","farfetch'd","doduo","dodrio","seel","dewgong","grimer","muk","shellder","cloyster","gastly","haunter","gengar","onix","drowzee","hypno","krabby","kingler","voltorb","electrode","exeggcute","exeggutor","cubone","marowak","hitmonlee","hitmonchan","lickitung","koffing","weezing","rhyhorn","rhydon","chansey","tangela","kangaskhan","horsea","seadra","goldeen","seaking","staryu","starmie","mr. mime","scyther","jynx","electabuzz","magmar","pinsir","tauros","magikarp","gyarados","lapras","ditto","eevee","vaporeon","jolteon","flareon","porygon","omanyte","omastar","kabuto","kabutops","aerodactyl","snorlax","articuno","zapdos","moltres","dratini","dragonair","dragonite","mewtwo","mew" *

** If you need to check that the add button works, "mew" is an easy one, as well as "ditto". **

3. A second API is being used to display information on the currently selected Pokemon, such as their stats, name, and Pokedex number.

4. The app is mobile friendly and redesigns itself on smaller screens, auto-collapsing certain things and changing the order of elements. The only thing on mobile that does not work is the bonus of favorites because I could not figure out how to do double clicks on touch/mobile. 